MAKE SURE YOU GET
YOUR CALL TIMES FOR MONDAY.
BETTER LUCK
NEXT TIME, HARRY.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
GOOD NIGHT,
HARRY.
YOU OKAY, HARRY?
YEAH, WHY?
BECAUSE YOU
MISSED THE BALL?
WE STILL LIKE
YOUR TRICKS.
PRETTY MUCH.
GOOD NIGHT.
BYE-BYE, GUYS.
GOOD NIGHT, SWEETIE.
OH, GOOD NIGHT.
SORRY ABOUT THE BET.
IT'S NOT THE FIRST 20 BUCKS
I SPENT ON A MAN
AND IT WON'T BE THE LAST.
TRY NOT TO MISS ME.
WELL, I JUST
CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
WHAT?
ALL YOU HAD TO DO
WAS CATCH A DAMN
PING-PONG BALL
ON YOUR NOSE.
IT'S NOT AS EASY
AS IT LOOKS.
OH, PLEASE.
I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE TELLING ME.
OH, COME ON, SHADOE,
GIVE ME A BREAK.
HEY, IT'S NOT THE MONEY.
IT'S THE LOSS OF CONFIDENCE.
IT'S THE DISILLUSIONMENT.
IT'S THE MONEY.
20 BUCKS.
HEY, HARRY,
HERE'S YOUR 20 BUCKS.
NO, PATRICK, YOU DON'T
GIVE ME THE MONEY.
J.C. BET
I COULDN'T DO IT
SO SHE WON THE MONEY.
OH, IS THAT HOW IT WORKS?
COULD YOU
GIVE IT TO HER?
I'M ALREADY LATE
FOR MY SYNCHRONIZED
SWIMMING WORKOUT.
MY PARTNER WILL
START WITHOUT ME.
HI.■
HEY.
GEE, AM I
THE LAST ONE OUT?
LOOKS LIKE IT.
THIS IS FROM PATRICK.
THANK YOU.
THAT WAS CLOSE
IN THERE, YOU KNOW.
YOU ALMOST CAUGHT IT.
IT'S HARD TO MISS.
MAYBE, NEXT TIME,
WE SHOULD USE
A BOWLING BALL.
HA-HA-HA-HA!
HERE. I'M SURE
THAT'S HALF.
I'M SURE THAT IS.
CATCH YOU LATER, MR. BRAIN.
SEE YOU ON THE MIDWAY.
I STILL GOT IT.
Captioning sponsored by
The U.S. Department of Education
and CBS.
GUYS, HEY, THE STARLIGHT
FOLKS WILL BE HERE
FOR THE CARNIVAL SCENES
ANY TIME, NOW.
WE'LL BE READY.
I'M SURE YOU WILL.
PLEASE DON'T HURT ME.
GLAD YOU COULD MAKE IT.
TONIGHT, I'M GOING TO SHOW YOU
WHAT I HOPE YOU THINK
ARE SOME AMAZING TRICKS.
I'LL BE PERFORMING
IN AN INTIMATE SETTING
BECAUSE I WANT YOU TO GET
AS CLOSE TO THE MAGIC
AS POSSIBLE.
EVEN THOUGH THESE FOLKS
GET TO SEE IT LIVE
AND YOU'RE WATCHING AT HOME
YOU'VE GOT TO KNOW
THERE ARE NO CAMERA TRICKS.
WELL, MAYBE JUST THIS ONE.
BUT THAT'S IT.
IT'S OUT OF MY SYSTEM.
NO MORE CAMERA TRICKS, PROMISE.
WE CAN'T AFFORD THEM. HAVE FUN.
Announcer:
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
PLEASE WELCOME
HARRY ANDERSON!
THANK YOU.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
BEFORE WE GET TO THE HARD STUFF
LET'S... LET'S TRY
SOMETHING SIMPLE.
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE
TO SEE A TRICK
THAT YOU COULD DO AT HOME?
WOULD THAT BE FUN?
OKAY, LET'S START
WITH SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
WHAT WOULD BE GOOD?
I'LL DO A MONEY TRICK.
I GOT TO ADMIT, THOUGH
I'M KIND OF STRAPPED.
SOMEBODY HERE GIVE ME A FIVE.
ANYBODY GOT A FIVE?
SOMEBODY'S GOT A FIVE.
FELLA HERE
HAS GOT A FIVE.
I NEED TWO OF THEM.
HOW ABOUT OVER HERE?
WHO'S GOT A FIVE? ANYBODY?
THE FELLA HERE HAS GOT A FIVE.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE GLAD
YOU LOANED ME THIS.
THANK YOU. OKAY. THANK YOU.
A LITTLE SOMETHING CALLED...
UH...
NICKELS TO DIME.
YOU'LL LIKE THIS.
THEN I'LL SHOW YOU HOW
TO DO IT AND FOOL YOUR FRIENDS.
WATCH. WATCH.
WATCH.
IT'S A... IT'S A WATCH.
WATCH. WATCH.
WATCH, WATCH, WATCH, WATCH.
DON'T BLINK, NOW.
IF YOU BLINK, YOU LOSE.
ONCE, TWICE, OVER AND...
WATCH, WATCH, WATCH,
WATCH, WATCH, WATCH.
DON'T LET ME GET AWAY
WITH ANYTHING.
WATCH, WATCH, WATCH, WATCH.
WHOA!
A TEN DOLLAR BILL.
CLEAN AS A WHISTLE.
THANK YOU BOTH VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE GREAT SPORTS.
THANKS SO MUCH FOR HELPING OUT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WHAT GREAT SPORTS.
MAYBE YOU TWO COULD
GET TOGETHER
IN THE PARKING LOT LATER
AND WORK THAT OUT.
YOU WANT TO LEARN THAT?
THAT'S A GOOD TRICK, HUH?
IT'S REALLY NOT THAT TOUGH.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS GO TO THE MAGIC SHOP
AND GET ONE OF THESE.
THIS IS A...
IT'S A GRAPPLER--
A MAGICIAN'S GRAPPLER.
THEY'RE NOT CHEAP.
IT'S A PROFESSIONAL ITEM
SO YOU PAY
A PRETTY PENNY FOR THIS
BUT IT SAVES YOU
FROM HAVING TO LEARN
ALL THAT SLEIGHT OF HAND STUFF.
ALL THE PROFESSIONALS NOW
ARE USING THESE.
DAVID COPPERFIELD, HE'S GOT
THAT STATUE OF LIBERTY GRAPPLER.
SIEGFRIED, HE'S GOT
THAT ROY GRAPPLER.
THEY'RE PRETTY MUCH
ALL USING THE GRAPPLERS
THESE DAYS.
NOW, OF COURSE
YOU LOAD THE TEN DOLLARS
YOU'RE GOING TO SWITCH
INTO THE GRAPPLER
THEN CHANGE IT FOR THE FIVES
UP AND DOWN YOUR SLEEVE.
TO MAKE THE GRAPPLER WORK,
YOU NEED A LITTLE MISDIRECTION.
WHILE FOLDING THE MONEY
YOU GET EVERYONE
TO LOOK AT YOUR HANDS.
LIKE I SAID,
"WATCH. DON'T BLINK."
YOUR ATTENTION IS RIGHT HERE.
YOU'RE LOOKING HERE SO INTENTLY
THAT YOU DIDN'T NOTICE
THAT I WAS ABLE TO...
TO HOOK MY KNEES TOGETHER.
YOU SEE
YOU'RE LOOKING HERE.
YOU'RE LOOKING HERE
YOU DON'T NOTICE THIS, YOU SEE?
WHILE YOU'RE LOOKING HERE
I HOOK MY KNEES TOGETHER.
WHICH... WHICH...
WHICH ACTUALLY
WENT A LOT SMOOTHER
WHEN I HAD THE MISDIRECTION.
THERE, THERE, THERE, THERE.
UNDER THE MISDIRECTION,
YOU CAN MAKE THE CONNECTION.
THAT WAY, YOU CAN GET
THE GRAPPLE ACTION GOING
AND MAKE THE CHANGE.
FOOL YOUR FRIENDS. HAVE FUN.
TRY IT AT HOME.
IT'S FUN.
CONFOUND YOUR ENEMIES.
Announcer:
KEEP YOUR PANTS ON.
HARRY WILL BE RIGHT BACK.
FOR EVERY COUPLE OF DOZEN
EIGHT-YEAR-OLDS
YOU WILL MEET, THERE WILL BE ONE
WHO, ON A SUNDAY AFTERNOON
DECIDES HE'LL NEVER THROW
A 90 MILE-AN-HOUR FAST BALL
SO HE EITHER PICKS UP JUGGLING
OR TRIES OUT VENTRILOQUISM
OR HE LEARNS THIS TRICK.
IT'S NOT MUCH,
BUT IT IS IMPOSSIBLE.
HERE.
LADY, HERE.
TAKE THOSE RINGS, LOOK AT THEM,
EXAMINE THEM.
SEE THAT THEY ARE LINKED.
AND WONDER
HOW THAT HAPPENED.
LOOK AT THIS RING,
LOOK ALL AROUND IT.
DO YOU SEE A HOLE
ANYWHERE IN THAT RING?
THERE'S ONE
IN THE MIDDLE, HA!
HAVE WE EVER HAD
THIS MUCH FUN?
RING.
WOULD SOMEBODY GET THAT?
I'M BUSY.
WHOA, HO!
HO!
( applause )■■
NOT BAD FOR AN OLD TIMER.
HERE.
TAKE THEM, LOOK AT THEM
PULL THEM APART.
HOW TOUGH CAN IT BE?
COME ON DOWN, COME ON DOWN.
JOIN ME, HI.
YOU'RE IN PRETTY MUCH
THE SAME PREDICAMENT.
DO AS I DO.
IF YOU CAN.
LOOK FOR THE
SOFT SPOT.
CHECK ONE RING.
IF YOU DON'T
FIND THE SOFT SPOT
CHECK THE OTHER RING.
WHEN YOU HAVE FOUND
THE SOFT SPOT
THEN GRAB THE RING
OPPOSITE THE SOFT SPOT.
TWIST, PULL AND SEPARATE.
AGAIN, FIND
THE SOFT SPOT.
FLIP, PULL, LINK
AND HOLD THEM LIKE THIS.
YOU'RE VERY GOOD!
HOLY MOLY, YOU'RE FAST.
GET OUT OF HERE,
YOU'RE SHOWING ME UP.
HOW DID YOU DO?
DID YOU GET THEM APART?
HUH? THEY'RE STILL
TOGETHER.
YOU SHOULD HAVE
WATCHED HER.
SHE'S VERY GOOD.
HERE, GIVE ME THAT.
THERE'S LOTS OF PRETTY MOVES
WITH THE RINGS.
THIS IS A VERY PRETTY ONE.
THE LADDER, WATCH THIS.
ISN'T THAT PRETTY?
THE FINALE.
WITH ONE-- I'VE BEEN IN TOUGHER
SPOTS THAN THIS.
WITH ONE SIMPLE MOVE.
MY MOM SAYS I'M SPECIAL.
THE RINGS.
( applause )
I HAD LEARNED THE RINGS
BY THE TIME I TURNED NINE.
I TRIED TO LEARN MAGIC
EVERYWHERE I COULD.
CARD FANNING, OOH, VERY TOUGH.
YEARS OF PRACTICE
I DIDN'T HAVE THAT KIND OF TIME.
BUT IT IS REMARKABLE...
WHAT A KID CAN PICK UP
HANGING AROUND A POOL HALL.
WATCH THIS, I LIKE THIS.
WATCH THIS. WHOA.
NOW WATCH CLOSE, GUYS.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO MISS THIS.
LOOK, IT'S VERY PRETTY.
THERE THEY ARE,
AND THERE IT IS.
WELL...
LEARNING MAGIC IS FUN
BUT EVENTUALLY YOU HAVE
TO MAKE A LIVING.
AND IT USED TO BE
A MAGICIAN COULD MAKE
A LIVING ON THE STREET.
IN CITIES LIKE NEW ORLEANS,
SAN FRANCISCO AND AUSTIN, TEXAS.
I DID MAGIC FOR YEARS
ON THE STREET.
ACTUALLY, I PAID MY BILLS
WITH A LITTLE GAMBLING GAME.
CALLED A "MONTE."
IT'S A LITTLE GAME OF HANKY-POO.
TWO FOR ME AND ONE FOR YOU.
HEY, DIDDLE-DIDDLE
IT'S THE ONE IN THE MIDDLE.
WHICH ONE IS IT NOW, WHICH ONE?
HUH? NO, YOU'RE WRONG.
AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU
I'M DISAPPOINTED.
BECAUSE I REALLY TRIED
TO MAKE IT EASY FOR YOU.
NOW, YOU KNOW...
( applause )
YOU KNOW...
THREE BALLS, THREE CUPS
THIS HAS GOT TO BE A SNAP.
YOU GOT ONE BALL FOR EACH CUP,
YOU CAN'T LOSE.
EVERY GUESS IS GOOD, RIGHT?
WELL, DON'T BET ON IT.
YOU KNOW, THERE REALLY ARE RULES
FOR THE FELLOW WHO SHUFFLES
THE MONTE, THERE ARE RULES.■
ONE OF THE RULES SAYS
THERE IS ONLY SUPPOSED
TO BE ONE BALL IN THE GAME.
ANOTHER RULE SAYS
THAT IF THAT BALL IS HERE
THEN IT REALLY SHOULDN'T
SHOW UP OVER HERE.
THAT'S A RULE.
THERE'S ALSO...
( applause )
THERE'S ALSO A RULE
THAT SAYS THAT IF A BALL
GOES OUT OF THE GAME
THEN THAT BALL SHOULD
STAY OUT OF THE GAME.
THAT IS, OF COURSE,
A SUB-RULE TO THE BIG RULE
WHICH SAYS THAT WHETHER OR NOT
THE BALL IS IN THE GAME
THAT'S NEVER SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN.
( applause )
WELL,I LEARNED THE MONTE,
I MASTERED IT.
BECAUSE I FIGURED
IF I MASTERED IT
I'D NEVER HAVE TO THROW
A FAST BALL.
I COULD WIN ON MY TERMS.
YEAH!
( applause )
AND THAT REMINDS ME.
I GOT TO GO SEE A GUY
AT A PLACE
ABOUT A THING.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
Man:
DON'T BE SHY,
LADIES AND GENTLEMAN.
GIVE IT ONE MORE TRY.
NO HIDDEN TRICKS.
IT'S SO SIMPLE,
EVEN A KID COULD DO IT--
WITH ABOUT TEN YEARS
OF PRACTICE.
COME ON, YOU LONG,
TALL DRINK OF WATER
GIVE IT ONE MORE CHANCE.
IT'S FOR THE KIDS.
LOVE THIS JOB.
HARRY, I SHOULD
HAVE KNOWN
THAT WAS YOUR
BOUNCING MONEY!
AIN'T THAT
A GREAT GAG?
I LOVE IT!
IT'S THIS
MAGICIAN'S REEL.
THAT'S HOW
IT WORKS.
I'VE LOVED MAGIC
SINCE I WAS A KID.
IS THIS
A MAGIC PROP?
OH, YEAH.
THAT'S A
MAGICIAN'S REEL.
WANT TO TRY IT?
REALLY?
IT'S A LOT OF FUN.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YOU GOT TO STICK
SOME MONEY ON
THE END OF IT.
A BILL.
OH, OH, SURE.
OH, YOU GOT A 50!
IT WORKS GREAT
WITH A 50!
50's ARE FUNNY?
VERY FUNNY.
THERE YOU GO.
YOU'LL LOVE THIS.
STICK IT ON THE
THREAD LIKE THAT.
AND THEN YOU SEE
THAT RED BUTTON?
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
MAKES IT WORK.
THAT'S SO COOL.
YOU HOOK YOURSELF
A SUCKER.
WANT TO TRY IT?
CAN I?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YOU HOLD THE REEL.
ALL RIGHT.
HOOK THAT
ON THE BILL.
YEAH.
AND THEN TAKE THIS
OUT HERE.
OKAY, RIGHT THERE.
AND THEN...
WE WAIT FOR SOMEONE
TO COME BY.
AND THEN WE HOOK OURSELVES
A SUCKER, RIGHT? HA, HA.
ABSOLUTELY.
HERE, LET'S
GET BEHIND HERE
SO NO ONE
CAN SEE US.
J.C. WENDEL!
THIS IS GREAT.
LOOK, SHE'S
GOING FOR IT.
HIT THE BUTTON,
HIT THE BUTTON.
I AM.
PUSH IT,
PUSH IT.
I'M PUSHING IT.
PUSH THE
BUTTON!
I'M PUSHING.
NOW, NOW, NOW!
IT'S NOT WORKING!
( grunts )
HARRY, WHY ISN'T
IT WORKING?
HARRY, IT'S
NOT WORKING.
OH, MAN.
I DID WHAT
YOU TOLD ME.
YOU TOLD ME
TO PUSH IT DOWN.
GEE, YOU PRESSED
IT AWFULLY HARD, JOHN.
I DID?
I THINK YOU
JAMMED IT.
OH, MAN.
OH, HARRY.
LOOKS LIKE
IT'S BROKEN.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO BREAK IT, MAN.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
MAYBE I CAN
GET IT FIXED.
WELL, HARRY, LET ME
PAY YOU FOR IT.
THESE ARE
EXPENSIVE, JOHN.
WELL, YOU KNOW...
THIS IS A
PROFESSIONAL PROP.
I'VE GOT SOME
COIN HERE.
IT COULD COST
AS MUCH AS $65.
HARRY,
I'VE GOT $65!
WELL, WELL,
THANKS JOHN.
THANKS VERY MUCH.
WHY DON'T YOU
TAKE THAT.
A LITTLE TOKEN.
I'M SORRY, HARRY.
I GOT TO RUN.
DO YOU?
THANKS FOR THE LESSON.
GREAT SEEING YOU.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
GOOD FISHING TODAY.
Announcer:
HANG ON TO YOUR WALLETS.
HARRY'S COMING BACK.
AND NOW SOMETHING VERY SPECIAL.
BUT FIRST, UH...
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
I KNOW YOU FOLKS HAVE TO FEEL
LEFT OUT NOT BEING HERE.
I'VE GOT A CARD TRICK
JUST FOR YOU.
I LOVE THIS TRICK. I DO.
I DO IT ALL THE TIME.
I LOSE A CARD
EVERY TIME I DO IT.
I STARTED OUT WITH A FULL DECK
BUT I HAVEN'T BEEN PLAYING WITH
A FULL DECK FOR SOME TIME NOW.
I'VE ONLY GOT SIX CARDS LEFT
WHICH MEANS I'VE DONE IT 46...
WE'LL CALL THIS ONE 47, OKAY?
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS MENTALLY SELECT ONE CARD.
YOU CAN CHANGE
YOUR MIND IF YOU LIKE.
DON'T MENTION
TO ANYONE ELSE YOU'RE WITH
WHICH CARD YOU'RE THINKING OF.
IF YOU ALREADY DID THAT
THEN CHANGE YOUR MIND
THINK OF ANOTHER CARD
AND KEEP YOUR PIE HOLE SHUT.
THINK OF A CARD.
CHANGE YOUR MIND IF YOU LIKE.
ONE CARD, OKAY?
■■
YOU THINK I CAN FIND YOUR CARD?
LET'S SEE.
I THINK I GOT IT.
YEAH, I THINK I DID.
YOU TELL ME.
IS YOUR CARD MISSING, HUH?
DID I GET IT, HUH?
I THOUGHT SO.
WISH ME LUCK ON 48.
IT'S CALLED VENTRILOQUISM.
IT'S A CRAFT.
AND IT'S AN ART.
AND IT'S AN ENVIABLE PROFESSION.
REMEMBER HOW WE ALL HAD
AN IMAGINARY PLAYMATE
WHEN WE WERE VERY YOUNG?
WELL WHAT I ADMIRE MOST
ABOUT THIS GUY
IS THAT HE HAS MANAGED
TO KEEP THAT FRIEND
HIS WHOLE LIFE LONG.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
PLEASE WELCOME
THE TWO AND ONLY
MR. JAY JOHNSON.
( applause )
ONE OF THE MOST
POPULAR ACTS
ON TELEVISION TODAY
ARE UNTRAINED ANIMALS
FROM THE SAN DIEGO ZOO.
I THINK THAT'S GREAT
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE TO SPEND
TIME TRAINING THEM.
SO I WENT TO THE ZOO.
I GOT AN ANIMAL
IN THIS PROTECTIVE CASE.
I'M GOING TO BRING IT OUT.
LET THE ANIMAL DO
WHAT IT DOES.
IF THAT WORKS ON TELEVISION,
IT OUGHT TO WORK RIGHT HERE...
ON TELEVISION.■y
SO DON'T TRY THIS AT HOME.
I'M A TRAINED PROFESSIONAL.
COME ON.
JUMP.
JUMP!
THIS IS A...
THIS IS A MONKEY
FROM THE SAN DIEGO ZOO.
WE'RE GOING TO LET HIM GET
USED TO THE SURROUNDINGS HERE.
THE MONKEY IS ONE OF OUR MOST
INTERESTING ANIMALS AT THE ZOO.■
THEY'RE OUR CLOSEST LIVING
RELATIVE TO THE ANIMAL KINGDOM.
THEY'RE VERY
CURIOUS ANIMALS.
THE FACT IS THAT THE MONKEY
IS NOT AS INTELLIGENT
AS PEOPLE THINK.
ACTUALLY, THE MONKEY
HAS THE BRAIN CAPACITY
OF A FIVE-YEAR-OLD CHILD.
THE HUMAN BRAIN
IS FIVE TIMES LARGER.
WE ARE INTO ESOTERIC CONCEPTS
THEORETICAL REASON.
OF COURSE, THE MONKEY
IS SIMPLY INTO...
IN... IN...
INSTINCTIVE BEHAVIOR
AND SEEMS TO DO WHAT
IT SEES OTHERS DOING.
THE FACT IS THAT ONE DAY...
EEK.
THE SOUND...
THE SOUND THAT
A MONKEY MAKES
ACTUALLY IS A PRIMITIVE
FORM OF LANGUAGE.
IT IS A MONOSYLLABIC LANGUAGE.
WE HAVE 48 PHONEMES.
THE MONKEY SIMPLY HAS...
AH.
THEY CAN ACTUALLY
COMMUNICATE WITH THAT...
UH-UH.
WHAT?
AH!
THEY CAN ACTUALLY
COMMUNICATE.
ONE DAY THAT WILL
TURN INTO A LANGUAGE.
IT WILL TAKE ABOUT
A MILLION YEARS.
WE DON'T HAVE TIME
TO WAIT ON THAT TONIGHT.
( scatting )
OH, YEAH!
THANK YOU.
YOU CAN TALK.
GOOD. YEAH.
YOU FIGURED THAT OUT
ALL BY YOURSELF
WITH THAT GREAT BIG BRAIN?
GOOD HUMAN.
I'M AN ANIMAL.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
HUH?
DARWIN.
THAT'S AN INTERESTING NAME.
HOW DID YOU GET THAT?
JUST EVOLVED?
( laughing )
THAT'S A MONKEY JOKE.
I'M A MONKEY.
( loudly ):
SHOW BUSINESS!
DO YOU HAVE TO YELL?
I'M AN ANIMAL!
OKAY.
MY WHOLE FAMILY'S
IN SHOW BUSINESS.
YOU OUGHT TO SEE
MY FAMILY TREE.
MOST OF THE FAMILY'S
STILL THERE.
THAT'S A MONKEY JOKE!
I GUESS YOU'D LIKE TO BE
MORE LIKE A HUMAN BEING.
WHAT?
■
MORE LIKE A HUMAN?
NO WAY, MAN, UH-HUH.
TAKE ME EIGHT HOURS
JUST TO SHAVE.
THAT'S A HUMAN JOKE.
I AM A SINGING MONKEY.
I SING, THEREFORE I AM.
INTELLECTUAL JOKE.
ANYWAY... I'M GOING
TO SING A SONG NOW
IN MY NATIVE TONGUE.
YOU WILL NOT UNDERSTAND
THE WORD
BECAUSE I WILL SING
IN MY NATIVE TONGUE.
SO I WILL ACT IT OUT...
SO EVEN YOU CHILDREN
CAN UNDERSTAND.
GIVE ME THAT SONG IN THE KEY
OF CHIMPAN-C.
( hawking )
DON'T DO THAT.
( piano playing
"Send In The Clowns" )
♪ UH-AH-UH-AH ♪
♪ UH-AH-UH-AH-AH-AH-AH ♪
( blows nose )
COME ON.
♪ UH-AH-UH... ♪
( belches )
♪ AH... ♪
GOOD NIGHT.
THANK YOU, HARRY.■■
( imitates Captain Kirk ):
OH, FOILED BY A SUDDEN
GUST OF WIND
AS THE BALL TRAVELED THROUGH
SPACE, THE FINAL FRONTIER.
WHAT I WANT TO KNOW IS,
ARE YOU MAN OR MACHINE?
LET'S FIND OUT.
HEY, HARRY, HOW
ABOUT A PICTURE?
YEAH, OKAY.
IT'S SELF-FOCUSING.
OH.
WOW. MY PICTURE
WITH DATA.
THANKS, BRENT.
YOU'RE THE BEST.
MY PLEASURE.
LIVE LONG
AND... WHATEVER.
THEY'LL NEVER
BELIEVE YOU
WHEN YOU TELL THEM
WHO TOOK THAT PICTURE.
YOU DON'T HAPPEN TO HAVE
CHANGE FOR A HUNDRED,
DO YOU?
SORRY, DADDY WARBUCKS.
NO CAN DO.
IS THERE SOMEPLACE
I CAN GET CHANGE?
YEAH. YOU SEE THAT
SIGN OVER THERE
THAT SAYS "CHANGE"?
WELL, I GUESS
IT'S WORTH A TRY.
HEY, BRENT, YOU KNOW
I THINK I CAN BREAK
THAT HUNDRED FOR YOU.
OH, YEAH?
I BET I CAN.
LET'S SEE HERE.
YOU GOT ONE,
TWO, THREE...
IT'S GETTING LATE.
WHAT TIME YOU GOT?
ALMOST 10:00.
10:00. REALLY?
10:00. GEEZ.
11, 12, 13...
I BET YOU'D RATHER
HAVE SOME 20s HERE.
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
NO 20s. NOT A 20.
21, 22, 23...
WAIT, WAIT,
WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT'S GOING
ON HERE, HARRY?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU GAVE ME
ALL YOUR CHANGE.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
HAVE ANY FOR YOURSELF.
OH, OH, THAT'S OKAY.
I-I-I-I...
NO, NO, NO.
TAKE THIS.
BELIEVE ME, BRENT,
IT'S NOT THAT MUCH.
I'LL JUST GET SOME
FROM THE PLACE
THAT SAYS "CHANGE."
UH, EXCUSE ME.
YES?
UH, COULD I, UH...
COULD I GET SOME
CHANGE, PLEASE?
CHANGE FOR
A HUNDRED?
HEY, NO PROBLEM, CUTIE.
( clears throat )
OKAY. ONE, TWO,
THREE, FOUR...
SAY, HANDSOME, YOU KNOW,
I'M OUT OF HERE AT 11:00.
REALLY? 11:00?
■
MM-HMM. 11:00.
12, 13...
14, 15...
I BET YOU'D
RATHER HAVE 20s
THAN ALL THESE SINGLES,
WOULDN'T YOU?
( applause and cheers )
HERE'S A LITTLE SOMETHING
YOU MIGHT LIKE.
GRAPPLER-FREE.
( laughter )
( audience gasps )
WHOA. OH.
OH, WHAT A SHAME.
OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH.
( audience screaming )
OH.
BOY, I'M IN TROUBLE NOW.
WHOA...
LOOK AT THAT.
( applause )
THE FUNNY THING ABOUT MAGIC IS
I CAN TAKE A HUNDRED-DOLLAR PEN,
A HUNDRED-DOLLAR BILL
AND DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT
AND REALLY NOT GET THE EFFECT
I GET FROM TAKING A 59-CENT PEN
AND DOING SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
OH, GOD.
OH, GOLLY, THAT HURT.
PARENTS, WAS THAT
IN BAD TASTE?
YOU THINK THAT WAS
IN BAD TASTE, HUH?
NO. BAD TASTE IS MORE LIKE THIS.
( audience gasp )
BAD TASTE,
AND IT TASTES BAD TOO.
HOW DO I ACCOMPLISH
THESE THINGS?
I HAVE THE HANDS OF MYSTERY...
BORN OF NORMAL PARENTS.
YOU KNOW, THERE ARE GUYS
IN THIS WORLD WHO MAKE
THEIR LIVING DOING NOTHING
BUT UNEXPECTED THINGS
WITH THEIR HANDS.
SOME OF THOSE GUYS
ARE CALLED PICKPOCKETS
AND SOME OF THEM
ARE CALLED JUGGLERS.
TONIGHT WE HAVE, UH...
WELL, I GOT MY WALLET,
I GOT MY WATCH.
SO, APPARENTLY, TONIGHT
WE INVITED A JUGGLER...
( laughter )
HERE TO DEMONSTRATE
THAT GRAVITY IS NOT JUST
A GOOD IDEA, IT'S THE LAW--
PLEASE WELCOME THE REMARKABLE
MR. PETER DAVISON.
( cheers )
( jazz playing )
( applause )
( laughter )
( cheers )
( applause )
( applause and cheers )
( laughter )■
( cheers )
Announcer:
HARRY ANDERSON
WILL BE RIGHT BACK
BY THIS POINT,
IT SHOULD COME AS NO SURPRISE
THAT I NEED HELP.■,
SO WHO'S...
WELL, YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
NOT RAISING YOUR HAND.
GIVE HER A HAND.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
MARCIA.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
( chair collapsing )
DO WE HAVE
ANY OTHER CHAIRS?
HERE WE GO, HERE WE GO.
A LITTLE FORWARD,
A LITTLE FORWARD.
OKAY.
GO AHEAD AND MAKE
YOURSELF COMFORTABLE.
HI, MARCIA.
HI.
WE'RE GOING
TO DO A TRICK.
IT'S A MAGIC SHOW.
THIS TIME,
YOU BE THE MAGICIAN.
YOU'LL BE THE MAGICIAN.
YOU'LL BE THE WORLDLY, CLEVER,
SLIGHTLY SMARMY MAGICIAN
AND I WILL BE
THE YOUNG, INNOCENT,
UNSUSPECTING ASSISTANT.
THAT WILL BE FUN,
WON'T IT?
DOESN'T THAT
SOUND LIKE FUN?
TAKE THE CARDS AND PEN.
DON'T BE NERVOUS.
I'LL CUE YOU. I'LL TELL
YOU WHAT TO SAY AND DO.
OKAY, SO, TO BEGIN.
YOU SAY, "WANT
TO DO A CARD TRICK?"
WANT TO DO
A CARD TRICK?
I'D LOVE TO.
I WOULD LOVE TO.
"SWELL."
SWELL.
"I HAVE THESE CARDS."
I HAVE THESE CARDS.
"TAKE THEM."
TAKE THEM.
"SHUFFLE THEM."
SHUFFLE THEM.
OKAY.
h■
BOY, I LOVE CARD TRICKS.
"MY, YOU SHUFFLE WELL."
MY, YOU
SHUFFLE WELL.
"IT'S A PLEASURE TO WATCH
A MAN SHUFFLE LARGE CARDS."
IT'S A PLEASURE
TO WATCH A MAN
SHUFFLE LARGE CARDS.
"I CANNOT DENY I AM
GETTING A BIT EXCITED."
DO I NEED
TO REPEAT IT, MARCIA?
I CAN'T DENY I'M
GETTING A BIT EXCITED.
ME, NEITHER.
WHAT NOW?
"PICK A CARD."
PICK A CARD.
"ANY CARD."
ANY CARD.
"SHOW YOUR CARD
TO THE AUDIENCE."
SHOW YOUR CARD
TO THE AUDIENCE.
"WHILE I TURN MY HEAD..."
WHILE I
TURN MY HEAD...
"...SO I CAN'T SEE."
SO I CAN'T SEE.
"BECAUSE I WOULDN'T WANT
"TO BE ACCUSED
OF CHEATING LATER--
BY HAVING PEEKED AT IT."
"NOW, TAKE THIS PEN."
NOW, TAKE THIS PEN.
"WHICH I HAVE
TAKEN THE CAP OFF OF."
WHICH I HAVE TAKEN
THE CAP OFF OF.
"SIGN YOUR NAME
UPON THE CARD."
OOH! YOU SMELL YUMMY!
"SIGN YOUR..."
YOU, TOO.
THANK YOU.
"SIGN YOUR NAME
UPON THE CARD."
SIGN YOUR NAME
UPON THE CARD.
OKAY. IT'S NOT EASY
WITHOUT A SPELL CHECKER
BUT I'M GOING
TO GO FOR IT.
OKAY.
"ONCE AGAIN, SHOW YOUR CARD
TO THE AUDIENCE."
ONCE AGAIN...
"WHILE I KEEP
MY HEAD TURNED."
ONCE AGAIN,
SHOW YOUR CARD
TO THE AUDIENCE.
"NOW, SHUFFLE THE CARDS
YET ONE MORE TIME."
"SHUFFLE THE CARDS
WHICH CORNER SHOULD
I BE DOING THIS WITH?
THIS DOESN'T
SEEM EFFECTIVE.
THIS IS WRONG, ISN'T IT?
"SHUFFLE THE CARDS
YET ONE MORE TIME."
SHUFFLE THE CARDS
YET ONE MORE TIME.
"NOW..."
NOW...
( loud sighing )
NO... I...
"DO YOU KNOW
WHAT HAS HAPPENED?"
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT HAS HAPPENED?
YOU DO SMELL GOOD.
"YOUR CARD
HAS DISAPPEARED."
YOUR CARD
HAS DISAPPEARED.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
"LOOK FOR YOURSELF."
LOOK FOR YOURSELF.
COULD IT BE TRUE?
OH! OH, BE STILL,
MY HEART!
IT'S DISAPPEARED!
MY CARD HAS DIS...
"SHOW THE AUDIENCE THAT
YOUR CARD HAS DISAPPEARED."
SHOW THE AUDIENCE
THAT YOUR CARD HAS--
LOOK! SHE'S NOT KIDDING!
IT'S REALLY DISAPPEARED.
"BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE."
BUT WAIT,
THERE'S MORE.
"YOUR CARD HAS TAKEN
A MAGICAL JOURNEY."
YOUR CARD HAS TAKEN
A MAGICAL JOURNEY.
"DO YOU KNOW WHERE TO?"
I HAVEN'T ANY IDEA!
"YOU'RE GOING
TO BE SURPRISED
WHEN YOU FIND OUT."
YOU'RE GOING
TO BE SURPRISED
WHEN YOU FIND OUT.
IT'S UNDER YOUR BUTT.
IT'S UNDER
YOUR BUTT.
IT'S UNDER YOUR BUTT.
IT'S UNDER YOUR BUTT!
IT'S TOASTY WARM.
TAKE A BOW!
TAKE A BOW! TAKE A BOW!
GIVE HER A HAND.
A BIG HAND.
OKAY!
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
WELL, YOU KNOW
THAT, AS THEY SAY
JUST ABOUT EVERYWHERE, IS THAT.
WE GOT TO PRETTY MUCH
WRAP THINGS .
BEFORE WE GO, THOUGH
I DO WANT TO GIVE
A REAL SPECIAL THANKS
TO THE VERY SPECIAL FOLKS
WHO HELPED MAKE THIS SPECIAL
SO SPECIAL--
MARKIE POST AND JOHN RITTER
AND PETER SCOLARI
AND BRENT SPINER, TIM STACK
AND JACK KENNY.
I WANT TO THANK THEM ALL.
I WANT TO THANK
THE AMAZING JAY JOHNSON
THE REMARKABLE PETER DAVISON.
I WANT TO THANK THEM ALL.
AND...
THE CAST OF DAVE'S WORLD.
ESPECIALLY J.C. WENDEL.
THE LOVELY AND BEGUILING J.--
PSST.
J.C., WHAT...?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
DON'T...
YEAH?
I KNOW YOU'RE BUSY
BUT I'M CATCHING
THE LAST FLIGHT TO VEGAS
SO DID YOU WANT
TO SETTLE UP?
SURE. YOU GAVE
ALL THE PROFITS
TO THE STARLIGHT
FOUNDATION, RIGHT?
UH-HUH.
YES, ABSOLUTELY.
THEY SEND
A HUGE THANK YOU.
THEN YOU JUST
OWE ME THE KICK.
THE "KICK"?
THE MONEY I GAVE YOU
TO START WITH.
OH, THAT. THAT, RIGHT.
WELL, THERE WAS DINNER
WITH BRENT SPINER.
THERE WAS THE OUTFIT
FOR THE CHANGE BOOTH.
THERE WAS
THE BABY-SITTER.
BABY-SITTER?
YOU DON'T HAVE KIDS.
RIGHT. AND I'LL
HAVE TO TAKE A CAB
SO THAT PRETTY MUCH
BRINGS IT TO...
ARE YOU TELLING ME
THERE'S NO MONEY LEFT?
NO. NO, HARRY.
DON'T BE SILLY.
HERE.
THAT'S IT?
WOULD YOU PREFER IT
IN CHANGE?
OH, JUST GO.
GO, GO, GO.
HEY, WHAT'S THIS?
NO, NO, NO. THAT'S...
OOH! THIS IS NICE.
AH-HA-HA! I LIKE THIS.
SEE YOU MONDAY.
BUT I...
WHERE DID SHE LEARN THAT?
YOU KNOW, FOLKS WHO
"COBBLE THE SCRATCH"--
THEY'RE THE ONES
WHO PRINT CURRENCY
OUTSIDE THE U.S. TREASURY--
THEY'LL TELL YOU THAT
THE SECRET TO A GREAT FAKE
IS HAVING "RIGHT RAG."
THAT'S PAPER WITH THE CORRECT
WEIGHT AND COLOR AND FEEL.
WELL, THAT'S FINE FOR THEM.
BUT TO A WISE GUY, OF COURSE,
MONEY ISN'T ABOUT PAPER.
IT'S ABOUT POSSIBILITIES.
MAESTRO.
( piano music playing )
YOU KNOW, CRIME MAY NOT PAY
BUT THE HOURS ARE GREAT.